Now to finish this offer thing,
I want a background image, okay?
So we need to see how to create an image
and how to import the image here.
From the assets.zipfile,
you have a couple of images ready to use.
So if you go, to that folder for
example here,
we have the background pattern dot SVG,
that's the one I want now.
So for that I need to get into
the res folder for resources, okay.
Inside the resources we
have a drawable folder,
here I'm gonna put all the things that
are drawable including the meshes.
So right now there are a couple of
drawables and I don't know what they are.
But I can right click here and
select New Vector Asset,
because I'm gonna use SVG.
That's vector based.
I'm gonna create a new vector asset.
I'm gonna import that SVG.
You cannot just drag the SVG because
android does not support SVG as an asset.
We need to convert that into
an Android Vector asset.
Okay, so right-click, New Vector Asset.
And here we can select if we want
a clipart that I don't want that I want
the local file.
It can be SVG or PSD.
Be careful with PSD it's not
gonna work most of the time.
That's a Photoshop file isn't gonna work.
Typically SVG is the format you want so
I'm going to take, a local file.
So I will just look for that file.
Its background,
underscore pattern SVG, okay?
And, this is the name that
we have inside Android.
By default,
it's adding a prefix I see, from icon.
Okay?
So I don't want that prefix,
because it's not an icon actually.
So I'm going to remove the IC.
I mean just the name but and
then next is just previewing
how it's going to look like.
And I'm good with that.
So if you look at the this file,
it's actually an XML.
Here you have a preview.
This is not SVG.
It's an Android shape format.
So it has have converted
the SVG into this format.
That's the one that we're going to use.
Okay?
We don't typically touch those shapes but
having mine, it's not the original SVG.
That means and this is important
if you have an SVG with text,
the text is not going to be important that
you need to convert text into shapes.
So if you're using Adobe Illustrator or
Adobe XD or a sketch, typically you
have a way to convert the text into
shapes and then you export the shapes.
Is not text anymore.
Okay?
It makes sense.
So as we see with text
will not be important.
Okay, so now we need any mesh.
So I'm going to add an E-mesh, but where?
So in the column if I add the E- mesh in
the column within the column let's do that
first.
Okay, so it's called E- mash.
And we need to define a painter.
What's a painter,
an object that will paint the image.
And there is a painter it's called
painter resource that will look for
a resource in the Resources folder.
That's the one we want.
And he needs an AV.
How can I reference res drawable
background pattern from Kotlin?
It's like this
r.drawable.background pattern.
Everything you put in the Rest folder.
We have its own reference
in this global R option.
Our drawable is pointing to everything
you have in the rest drawable folder.
Okay, that's make sense?
So that's how you do that.
And then another property
is called the description.
This is actually the alt in HTML.
So this is if the image cannot be loaded,
or for
accessibility purposes this
is a background pattern.
It's just a description of the content.
Okay, does that make sense?
So if I build a refresh.
Refresh.
There we are.
We have the image and then the text but
I want the image behind as the background,
makes sense?
So how can I do that?
Of course, this happens because
I have the image in the column,
what if I take the image out
of the column like this?
It looks better.
Okay.
And now they don't have a container but
it's fine.
We know that will happen
is they share the space.
So it works.
And now we can change some properties for
example,
with a mode of e-mesh,
because the mesh is really to be,
so we can add here a modifier and
we can say for
example that we want content scale.
Let me first do this.
There is a modifier
Called matchParentSize,
so it's Modifier.matchParentSize.
And also we have fillMaxWidth or MaxSize.
So their kind of doing something
similar matchparent will actually match
the parent and Phil Max will try to
in this case the width will try to
stretch as much as
possible to the borders.
Okay and
of course there is another one for height.
And what if I want to like shrink this
a little bit either one is too high now,
so I can have another modifier for
the height,
and I can say so
you can try any value DPS and
see how it looks like,
is it I mean, it's not so
bad but what happened with the e-mesh?
Well, I have to change how
the e-mash is being a scaling so
I need to change another property
from the e-mash that is contentScale.
Okay, contentScale and
there are some options that we can use,
such as Fillwidth, Crop, FillBounds.
So if I wanna fill the Holewidth,
nature play with these
properties unfortunately we
don't have an inspector or
something that will tell us
everything that is possible here.
For now checking into the documentation of
each composable or stack overflow, right?
So typically that's how it works.
Well, first 140,
we see it's actually just small.
We can play with this until we are happy,
okay?
When the previous not working anymore,
try to refresh with that button there.
And most of the time, it solves a problem.